Improve text and markup in SQL tutorial (#3644)
tarantool/doc: doc/how-to/sql/sql_tutorial.rst

.. _sql_tutorial:

SQL tutorial
============

This tutorial is a demonstration of the support for SQL in Tarantool.

> It includes the functionality that you'd encounter in an "SQL-101"course.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It includes the functionality that you'd encounter in an "SQL-101" course.
```

      - [1, 'CD', '  ', 10005]
      - [2, 'AB', '  ', 17.34567]

Try to delete the last and first of these rows:

.. code-block:: sql

    DELETE FROM table2 WHERE column1 = 2;
    DELETE FROM table2 WHERE column1 = -1000;
    SELECT COUNT(column1) FROM table2;

The result is:

*   The first ``DELETE`` statement causes an error message because
    there's a foreign-key constraint.
*   The second ``DELETE`` statement succeeds.
*   The ``SELECT`` statement shows that there are 5 rows remaining.

ALTER TABLE with a FOREIGN KEY clause
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Create another constraint that there must not be any rows in ``table1``
containing values that do not appear in ``table5``. This was impossible
during the ``table1`` creation because at that time ``table5`` did not exist.

> You can add constraints to existing tables withthe ``ALTER TABLE`` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add constraints to existing tables with the ``ALTER TABLE`` statement.
```
